---
layout: legal
title: Terms of Service
class: light
---

* Table of Contents
{:toc}
***

AdStack provides the AdStack.com site (“Site”) and various related “LiveOptimizer” and media buy services, as described on the Site, (collectively “Services”) subject to your compliance with these terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the “Terms of Use”), as well as any other written agreement between AdStack and you or your company. In addition, when using particular Services on this Site, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such Services that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in these Terms of Use. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. By completing any Site registration process or using this Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and by the terms of our Privacy Policy, located at [http://www.adstack.com/privacy/](http://www.adstack.com/privacy/), which is incorporated by reference. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please discontinue use of the Site immediately. Your remedy for dissatisfaction with this Site, or any Services, content, or other information available on or through this Site, is to stop using the Site and / or those particular Services. Your agreement with AdStack regarding compliance with these Terms of Use becomes effective immediately upon commencement of your use of this Site. Each of AdStack and “you” are a “Party” and collectively “Parties”.

# Access to the Site

To access this Site or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of this Site that all the information you provide on this Site will be correct, current, and complete and that you will abide by these Terms of Use. If AdStack believes that the information you provide is not correct, current, or complete, that you have violated any provision in these Terms of Use, or if a third-party service is no longer available through AdStack for any reason, AdStack has the right to refuse you access to this Site or any of its resources, to suspend your access to any of AdStack’s Services or the services of it’s third-party service provider, or to temporarily suspend or permanently terminate your user account, with or without a prorated refund of any prepaid amounts in its sole discretion.

# Restrictions on Use

You are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and use this Site in accordance with this Terms of Use. You may use this Site for purposes expressly permitted by this Site. As a condition of your use of AdStack’s Site and Services, you warrant to AdStack that you will not use the Site or Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. For example, you may not (and may not authorize any party to) (i) co-brand this Site, or (ii) frame this Site, or (iii) hyper-link to this Site, without the express prior written permission of an authorized representative of AdStack. For purposes of these Terms of Use, “co-branding” means to display a name, logo, trademark, or other means of attribution or identification of any party in such a manner as is reasonably likely to give a user the impression that such other party has the right to display, publish, or distribute this Site or content accessible within this Site. You agree to cooperate with AdStack in causing any unauthorized co-branding, framing or hyper-linking immediately to cease. In addition, you may not use AdStack’s Site or Services in any manner which could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, content, or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site or Services.

# Payment of Fees

While some of AdStack’s Services are offered free of charge, some areas of the Site require payment of fees for the use of the Services. If you sign up for a Service on this Site that requires payment of a fee, you agree to pay all associated fees on a recurring monthly basis or as otherwise required by the Service. Recurring charges shall either be billed in advance of Services or invoiced to you. Any amounts that are invoiced are due within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. You agree to provide AdStack with accurate and complete billing information, including, where applicable, valid credit card information, your name, address, and telephone number, and to provide AdStack with any changes in such information within 5 business days of the change. Monthly license fees will be fixed for a period of thirty (30) days following the provisioning of Services to you. Thereafter, AdStack reserves the right to change its fees and will provide advance notice to registered users of its Services prior to the fee increase. If, for any reason, your credit card company refuses to pay the amount billed for the Service, you agree that AdStack may, at its sole option, suspend or terminate your license to use the Service and require you to pay the overdue amount immediately by other means acceptable to AdStack. If you believe that any invoices are incorrect, you must contact AdStack in writing within ninety (90) days of the invoice date of the invoice containing the amount in question to be eligible to receive an adjustment or credit. You agree that, until your license is suspended or terminated, you will continue to accrue charges for which you remain responsible. In the event that legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse us for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorney fees and other legal expenses. Refunds will not be issued under any circumstances.

# Support Services

AdStack offers back-end support services (“Support Services”) upon request. Anyone wishing to add Support Services to their license shall incur additional charges as outlined in an AdStack “Sales Quotation”. 25% of the quoted fee for Support Services in the Sales Quotation shall be paid up front, with the balance due within thirty (30) days upon completion of the project.

# Taxes & Withholding

Except for taxes based on AdStack’s income, you are solely liable for all taxes associated with your use of the AdStack Service. AdStack reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to withhold any amounts if it has determined that you have used the Service in a fraudulent manner, are in violation of any laws or regulations, or are in violation of these Terms of Service. Such withholding may be temporary or permanent, as determined by AdStack.

# Termination

AdStack may terminate your account at any time with notice. You may terminate your account with thirty (30) days prior written notice but you will still be responsible for any outstanding fees due. AdStack may terminate your account, in its sole discretion, if you breach or violate any terms in these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, or any other posted Site rules and regulations, if you make any assignment for the benefit of creditors, if you engage in any illegal, unfair, or deceptive business practices or unethical conduct whatsoever, or for any other reason with prior notice to you.

# AdStack and Third Party Proprietary Information

The material, content, and Services accessible from this Site, including, but not limited to, the AdStack API, and any other website owned, operated, licensed, or otherwise controlled by AdStack (the “Content”) is the proprietary information of AdStack or the party that provided or licensed the Content to AdStack, whereby such providing party retains all right, title, and interest in the Content. Accordingly, the Content may not be copied, decompiled, reverse engineered, disassembled, transferred, distributed, republished, resold, sublicensed, uploaded, posted, used to create derivative works, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of AdStack, except that you may print out a copy of the Content solely for your personal use. In doing so, you may not remove or alter, or cause to be removed or altered, any copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, or any other proprietary notice or legend appearing on any of the Content. Modification or use of the Content except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use violates AdStack’s intellectual property rights. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you by access to this Site. Notwithstanding this provision, users of AdStack Services and the Site are not permitted to use the Content as a component of, or basis for, a database prepared for use by the said user or any third party. Furthermore, all copies of Content, whether in print or electronic form, must incorporate all of AdStack’s or third party copyright and / or other intellectual property rights notices.

AdStack’s rights apply to the AdStack APIs and all output and executables of the AdStack APIs, excluding any software components developed by you which do not themselves incorporate the AdStack APIs or any output or executables of the AdStack APIs. AdStack owns all rights, title, and interest in the AdStack APIs.

# Your Proprietary Information

AdStack agrees that it has no rights to the data, documents, information or material that you submit in the course of using the Site and Services ("Submitted Data"). When submitting data, you, and not AdStack, shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all Submitted Data. AdStack shall not be responsible or liable for the deletion, correction, destruction, damage, loss, or failure to store any Submitted Data. By using the Services, each user represents and warrants to AdStack that it has the legal right to submit the Submitted Data. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold AdStack harmless from any liability caused by your submission of Submitted Data in violation of a third party’s copyright or other rights of ownership. AdStack reserves the right to withhold, remove and/or discard Submitted Data without notice for any breach, including without limitation, non-payment of fees. In addition, AdStack reserves the right to withhold, remove and/or discard any Submitted Data submitted to AdStack, which, in AdStack’s sole opinion, is pornographic or otherwise in violation of AdStack’s internal policies for publishable material. ADSTACK MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT ANY DATA SUBMITTED TO ADSTACK WILL BE RETAINED FOR ANY PARTICULAR PERIOD OF TIME, AND YOU AGREE TO MAINTAIN ON YOUR SERVERS DUPLICATE COPIES OF ALL SUBMITTED DATA SUBMITTED TO ADSTACK.

# Publicity

Except as otherwise indicated in these Terms of Use, AdStack shall have the right to include references to its association with you in press releases, marketing materials, and on the Site, and to list and publish you and / or your trademark as a registered user on its list of Site users.

# DMCA

If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our designated copyright agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3) for further detail):

* A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or authorized agent;
* Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed;
* Identification of the material that is alleged to be infringing or is the subject of the allegedly infringing activity that you desire to have removed or access to which is to be disabled;
* Information that is specific and sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including the URL and/or a specific description of where the material is located;
* Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as a mailing address, telephone number, or email address;
* A statement that the copyright owner or its authorized agent has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
* A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and made under penalty of perjury, and, if an agent is providing the notification, a statement that the agent is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

AdStack’s designated copyright agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is:

	AdStack
	Attention: Copyright Administration
	604 Mission Street, Suite 801
	San Francisco, California 94105

For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the copyright agent. Other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to AdStack customer support at [support@adstack.com](mailto:support@adstack.com). You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.

# Counter-Notice

If you believe that your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the Content, you may send a counter-notice to the designated copyright agent above with the following information:

* Your physical or electronic signature;
* Identification of the Content that has been remove or to which access has been disabled;
* Information that is specific and sufficient to describe where the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
* A statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and
* Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in San Francisco, California, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.

If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, AdStack may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member, or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at AdStack’s sole discretion.

# AdStack API

The AdStack application programming interface (“AdStack API”) is a Service that allows licensees and pre-approved licensees to access and display certain AdStack Content and / or Services. Your license to the AdStack APIs under this TOS shall continue until it is terminated by either you or AdStack. You may terminate the license by discontinuing use of all or any of the AdStack APIs. AdStack may change, suspend, terminate, or discontinue any aspect of the AdStack APIs at any time, including the availability of any AdStack APIs. AdStack may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the AdStack APIs or the AdStack Site without notice or liability. AdStack shall not be liable to you or any third party should AdStack exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service or part of it.

# Grant of API License

Upon issuance of an API key, you are granted a limited, non-sublicensable right to access the API and use the Services and AdStack Content for your personal use only and in a manner consistent with AdStack Services. We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the API, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the API.

# API Licensed Use and Restrictions

This license is subject to the following restrictions:

* You may not use the AdStack APIs in any manner or for any purpose that violates any law or regulation, any right of any person, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, or rights of personality, or in any manner inconsistent with the AdStack Privacy Policy located at [http://www.adstack.com/privacy/](http://www.adstack.com/privacy/) or these AdStack Terms of Use;
* You may not use the AdStack APIs for any application that constitutes, promotes, or is used in connection with spyware, adware, or other malicious programs or code;
* You may not use AdStack APIs in a manner that adversely impacts the stability of AdStack servers or adversely impacts the behavior of other applications using the AdStack APIs;
* All calls to the AdStack API must reference the API key issued to you as an approved licensee.
* You agree to keep the API key confidential, and not to share it with any third party. This license is personal to you, and any affiliates must seek and obtain their own license and API Key. You may not sell, lease, share, transfer, or sublicense the AdStack APIs or access or access codes thereto or derive income from the use or provision of the AdStack APIs, whether for direct commercial or monetary gain or otherwise, without AdStack's prior, express, written permission;
* You agree that you will provide the AdStack Services and Content to users on "as is" terms, with disclaimers substantially equivalent to those set forth this Terms of Use;
* You may not use the AdStack APIs in a product or service that replicates or attempts to replace the essential user experience of AdStack or is substantially similar to or directly competes with products or services offered by AdStack, Inc.;
* You may not cache or retain any copies of the AdStack Content. Your license to AdStack Content is limited to making direct server calls to AdStack for the AdStack Content and to distributing the AdStack Content to your end user on your site(s), immediately upon receipt by your servers;
* You may not present the AdStack Content (or permit the AdStack Content to be presented) so that it appears to be available from a third party site;
* You may not separately extract and provide or otherwise use data elements from the AdStack Content to enhance the data files of third parties;
* You further agree not to otherwise reproduce, modify, distribute, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any portion of the AdStack API or any data provided by AdStack;
* You may not delete, obscure, or in any manner alter any warning, notice (including but not limited to any copyright or other proprietary rights notice by AdStack or our third party partners and sponsors), or link that appears in the Service or the Content;
* You may not sell, lease, or sublicense AdStack APIs or access thereto or derive revenues from the use or provision of AdStack APIs, whether for direct commercial or monetary gain or otherwise, unless you obtain prior written approval from AdStack;
* You must not attempt to cloak or conceal your identity or your application’s identity when requesting authorization to use AdStack APIs;
* You are limited to a pre-set number of calls to the AdStack API per day, determined by the Service you purchased. AdStack, Inc. may approve higher daily call limits if you adhere to these API terms and upgrade your Service;
* You acknowledge that the AdStack Services, including, but not limited to, the AdStack API, may incorporate third party services and content and that your use and display of such third party services and content may be subject to separate terms of use policies. These third party policies can be found at the applicable third party sites.

# Attribution for the API

Content provided to you through the AdStack API may contain the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features of AdStack, its partners, or other third party rights holders of content displayed by us. You may not delete or in any manner alter these trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. Unauthorized use of the AdStack logo, marks, or brands is strictly prohibited. You shall place the following notice prominently on your application: “This product uses the AdStack API but is not endorsed or certified by AdStack.” Your use of the AdStack logo or any of the AdStack marks or brands is subject to these terms, the terms found elsewhere on the AdStack Site, or prior written approval by AdStack. Any use of the AdStack logo in your application shall be less prominent than the logo or mark that primarily describes the application. Your use of the AdStack logo shall not imply any partnership or endorsement by AdStack.

# Service Updates

The AdStack Site and Services may need updating from time to time. These updates may temporarily disrupt use of the Site or Services and are designed to improve, enhance, and further develop the Site or Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new Service offerings, and updated Services. You agree to receive such updates as part of your use of the Services.

# Links

This Site may contain links to other sites that are not maintained by, or related to, AdStack. Links to such sites are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with this Site or AdStack. AdStack has not reviewed any or all of such sites and is not responsible for the content of those sites. AdStack is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. Links are to be used and third party sites accessed at the user’s own risk, and AdStack makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness or accuracy of these links or the sites hyper-linked to this Site. AdStack provides links as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to a third party site does not necessarily imply endorsement by AdStack of that site or any association with its operators.

# Advertisements

Some of the AdStack Services may be supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions. These advertisements may be targeted to AdStack Content, user-generated content, queries, or other information. The manner, mode, and extent of advertising by or permitted by AdStack on the Site are subject to change without specific notice to you. In consideration for AdStack granting you access to and use of the Site and Services, you agree that AdStack may place such advertising on the Site or Services.

# Disclaimer

You understand that AdStack cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to this Site for any reconstruction of any lost data. AdStack does not assume any responsibility or risk for your use of the Internet.

YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. ADSTACK DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. ADSTACK DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ADSTACK DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING USE, OR THE RESULT OF USE, OF THE CONTENT IN TERMS OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE CONTENT MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, AND ADSTACK MAY MAKE CHANGES OR IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME. YOU, AND NOT ADSTACK, ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENT. ADSTACK MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE CONTENT WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH CONTENT.

All of the information in this Site, whether historical in nature or forward-looking, speaks only as of the date the information is posted on this Site, and AdStack does not undertake any obligation to update such information after it is posted or to remove such information from this Site if it is not, or is no longer accurate or complete.

# Limitation of Liability

ADSTACK, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF REVENUE OR INCOME, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADSTACK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF ADSTACK AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS TO ANY PARTY (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE LESSER OF FEES PAID OR PAYABLE FOR THE 6-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.

# Indemnity

You will indemnify and hold AdStack, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, service providers, employees, agents, officers, directors, and contractors (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any breach of these Terms of Use by you, including any use of Content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use. You agree that the Indemnified Parties will have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use, and you agree to indemnify any and all resulting loss, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees of the Indemnified Parties in connection therewith. You will also indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any claims brought by third parties arising out of your use of the information accessed from this Site.

# Confidentiality

Each Party agrees that the terms of these Terms of Use as well as any information concerning the other Party’s business operations, legal documents, strategies, future plans, financial affairs, technical data, know-how, specifications, drawings, ideas, or legal obligations including, but not limited to, the specific terms of these Terms of Use relating to the subject matter, obligations of the Parties, Services Term, and fees, and notwithstanding references to Parties, is confidential and proprietary (“Confidential Information”). Such Confidential Information shall not be disclosed to any third party except (i) where such information has become public through the intentions of the Party owning such Confidential Information; (ii) to the extent necessary to comply with law or the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or government agency, provided the Party owning such Confidential Information is advised of said law or order prior to disclosure and is provided a reasonable amount of time to prevent protect its Confidential Information and prevent disclosure; (iii) on a must-know basis to a Party’s lawyers, accountants and other business representatives upon the express condition that such representatives agree in writing to comply with this confidentiality restriction; (iv) where such information is known to the receiving Party at the time of disclosure or becomes known to the receiving Party without breach of these Terms of Use; (v) where such information is approved for release upon a prior written consent by the Parties; or (vi) is furnished to any third party by disclosing Party without restriction on its disclosure. The Parties agree to use all reasonable precautions to ensure that all such Confidential Information is properly protected and kept from unauthorized persons or disclosure and each Party shall use at least the same standard of care with the other Party’s Confidential Information that is uses for its own Confidential Information. The receiving Party agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party and will not use Confidential Information of the disclosing Party for any purpose other than for the performance of rights and obligations hereunder during the term of these Terms of Use without the prior written consent of the disclosing Party. The receiving Party further agrees that Confidential Information shall remain the sole property of the disclosing Party and that it will take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information by its employees. No license shall be granted by the disclosing Party to the receiving Party with respect to Confidential Information disclosed hereunder unless otherwise expressly provided herein. Upon the request of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party will promptly return all Confidential Information furnished hereunder and all copies thereof.

If a Party breaches any of its obligations with respect to confidentiality and unauthorized use of Confidential Information hereunder, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to equitable relief to protect its interests therein, including but not limited to injunctive relief, as well as money damages notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein.

# Security

Any passwords used for this Site are for individual use only. You will be responsible for the security of your password. AdStack will be entitled to monitor your password and, at its discretion, require you to change it. If you use a password that AdStack considers insecure, AdStack will be entitled to require the password to be changed and/or terminate your account.

You are prohibited from using any Services or facilities provided in connection with this Site to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, AdStack reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other sites in order to assist them in resolving security incidents. AdStack reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms of Use.

AdStack reserves the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or direction AdStack to disclose the identity of anyone posting any e-mail messages, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms of Use. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF USE YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS ADSTACK FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ADSTACK DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER ADSTACK OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

# Service Modifications & Suspensions

AdStack reserves the right at any time to, and from time to time may, modify, suspend, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site or Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. AdStack will not be responsible to you for a refund, in whole or in part, of service charges for any reason. You agree that AdStack shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site or Services.

# Independent Contractors

The Parties to these Terms of Use are independent contractors and neither is an employer or agent of the other for any purpose, including all tax obligations. No legal partnership entity is formed, regardless of references to “partner” in these Terms of Use, and no Party is granted any right or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility, express or implied, on behalf of, or in the name of, another Party or to bind another in any matter or thing whatsoever.

# No Waiver

No delay or failure by AdStack to enforce any of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any of our rights under these Terms of Use. Neither the receipt of any funds by AdStack nor the reliance of any person on our actions shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any part of these Terms of Use. Only a specific, written waiver signed by an authorized representative of AdStack shall have any legal effect.

# Severability

If any clause or provision set forth in this Terms of Use statement is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future law, the clause or provision shall be deemed to be deleted without affecting the enforceability of all remaining clauses or provisions.

# Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms of Use and any disputes arising under or related to these Terms of Use and/or the Privacy Policy or to this Site will be governed by U.S. federal law and the laws of the State of California, without reference to its conflict of law principles. Any such dispute shall be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts in the City and County of San Francisco, California. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of California for any legal proceeding involving the Site, regardless of who initiated the proceeding.

This English-language Terms of Use statement is AdStack’s official agreement with users of this Site. In case of any inconsistency between this English-language Terms of Use statement and its translation into another language, this English-language document shall control.

# Arbitration

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Terms of Use or the provision of the Services shall be finally settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the most current commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in San Francisco, California, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. However, subject to the foregoing arbitration provision, you and AdStack agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the city and county of San Francisco, California. Either you or AdStack may seek an interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in San Francisco, California, necessary to protect the rights or property of you or AdStack (or its agents, suppliers, and subcontractors) pending the completion of arbitration. YOU AND ADSTACK AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and AdStack agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual Party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that Party's individual claim.

# Notices

Unless otherwise specified in these Terms of Use, all notices, requests and other communications required to be given under these Terms of Use must be by email. Any such notice will be considered to have been given as of the date and time transmitted by the sending Party with proof of the same. If the sending Party can show no proof, then notice will be considered to have been given as of the date and time of receipt by the receiving Party with proof of the same.

# Miscellaneous

In any action to enforce these Terms of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. Any cause of action brought by you against AdStack or AdStack’s affiliates must be instituted within one year after the cause of action arises or be deemed forever waived and barred.

You may not assign your rights and obligations under these Terms of Use to any third party, and any purported attempt to do so shall be null and void. AdStack may freely assign its rights and obligations under these Terms of Use.

In addition to any excuse provided by applicable law, AdStack shall be excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery or availability of Services available through our Site arising from any event beyond AdStack’s reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable by either party, including, but not limited to, labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, adverse weather, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond AdStack’s reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above.

# Changes to these Terms of Use

AdStack reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter, or otherwise change this Terms of Use at any time. We will provide notice of such change on this Site. Please review the Terms of Use and/or additional terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the AdStack Site constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by these changes without limitation, qualification or change. If at any time you determine that you do not accept these changes, you must stop using this Site.

# For More Information

If you have any questions regarding our Terms of Use statement, please contact us by sending an email to [support@adstack.com](support@adstack.com).

*Effective: November 1, 2012*